Add note about RS Inspektor (#1298)
remotestorage/remotestorage.js: README.md

You can also get an account with a hoster, or use another
remoteStorage server implementation: [Servers](https://wiki.remotestorage.io/Servers).

### Visual File Browser

> If you'd like a visual UI for inspecting any RS-compatible server, you can try out [RS Inspektor](https://inspektor.5apps.com) or [build it from source](https://gitea.kosmos.org/raucao/inspektor), Feel free to ask questions or propose features for this app on the [RS forums](https://community.remotestorage.io)!

Reviewer: I have updated Inspektor's README to link to the forums, so we could shorten it a little bit in the README here. How about this?

```suggestion
If you'd like a visual UI for inspecting any RS-compatible account, you can use the [RS Inspektor](https://gitea.kosmos.org/raucao/inspektor) app (which is also implemented using this library).
```
